.\"  -*- mode:nroff; -*-
.\"
.\"  GFontBrowser -- A font browser for GTK+, Fontconfig, Pango based systems.
.\"
.\"  Copyright © 2006,2008 Russel Winder
.\"
.\"    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\"    (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"    GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\"
.TH GFontBrowser 1 "2008-05-26"
.SH NAME
gfontbrowser \- A font browser for GTK+, Fontconfig, Pango based systems.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gfontbrowser
.RI [ options ]
.RI [ directories ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgfontbrowser\fP renders fonts so that they can be browsed.  The main window contains the family
list, a view of the styles rendered in the named font, a sample text which is rendered in the view
and a font size selector for specifying the size at which to render the font.  Double clicking on a
family name brings up a dialogue box with the styles view which stays avaialble until dismissed.
.PP
There are two modes for using \fBgfontbrowser\fP.  Without parameters, it uses the Fontconfig
default configuration to create a list of available fonts.  This list is of all fonts available,
including ones that would be shadowed by the normal Fontconfig search so that duplicate fonts can be
studied (perhaps leading to amendment of the Fontconfig configuration).  If parameters are given on
the command line these are assumed to be directory names which are searched instead of the
Fontconfig configuration for fonts.
.SH OPTIONS
\fBgfontbrowser\fP accepts the following options:
.TP
.B \-\?, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show version of program.
.\" .SH "SEE ALSO"
.\" .BR foo (1),
.\" .BR bar (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Russel Winder <russel@winder.org.uk>.
